Feature/add support for multiple scripts (#1)
infinum/remont: README.md

  attribute(:billing_address) { '23 Wall Street, NY' }
end
```

> - and run `bundle exec rake "remont[db/remont.rb]"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- and run `remont` rake task with a path to the processing script
```bash
bundle exec rake "remont[db/anonymize.rb]"
```
```
